welcome to your mom's house
I'm just totally unrelated but what kind
of bear do you think you are what I'm
looking at your beard and I'm seeing all
kinds of colors and I'm thinking are you
grizzly were you polar brown bear my
polar bears a really good joke you did
write someone else's oh I'm sure someone
said it too but it's really I it's
appropriate a bi polar bear a bi polar
bear yeah
nearby Paulie Paulie and I bear Jesus
I'm a by Polly Bear that's it
you nailed it volibear there's no need
to have a discussion anymore
grizzly kind of bare or pandas there's
pandas - bamboo but yours you could be a
panda cuz you're gentle I feel like with
all the brown I got to be a brown bear
that makes so much brown guys right in
let us know which bear tom is or just
tweet tweeted him at Tom Segura calm
Tom's at Tom Segura let him know if
you're specially for gain you're in the
bear community okay is a bear community
different types of bears or just strict
bear cub I don't know because you have a
huge fan base that's bear but they they
don't tell me what the details are they
just they just post on my I love it so
much so you have a bear following you in
a fine one I'd love to let's see I'll
show you I'd say your grizzly though cuz
you do a lot in the woods and you
eat Salman out of the river and you know
you're more feral okay